hello YouTube Luigi here and you feel
how great a day it is today
my god boy stop snowing in New England
and it's just beautiful out there if you
don't have to shovel it okay we're gonna
do an unboxing now I see is already see
it's a broker Plus which means it's made
in China but this is somewhat different
from the other Chinese breeders that I
buy this is about twice as much money
and I've been looking at this knife for
a while because I thought it was quite
distinguished so let's just get into it
comes in a bubble wrap condom it's got
this cool I'm so happy to have one of
these two prong pivot adjustment screws
you know god bless both girly I always
give you a tool okay here we go
this is the bokor Excalibur you know
I've seen enough reviews on YouTube and
heard enough people mangle this and call
it the X caliber as if it's King
Arthur's sword
it's the X caliber it's a combination of
the name mykes Keller who's the designer
and bird knives of South Africa okay
it's not X caliber Excalibur okay Wow
no thumb stud no nail Nik no flipper how
on earth do you open this thing you see
the boy it's gonna be hard to shoot this
see the jumping on this thing up here
watch you put your thumb here and do
that it is really smooth I'm gonna do it
again so it's a liner lock put your
thumb here pull it around
it's buttery smooth I gotta tell you and
I have two knives that her brother is
smooth this is I'm saying this is one of
them the other one is my buck Vantage
select
okay what do we have here we have a
three let's it's not yes remember this
we have a three and a half inch blade
and a four and a half inch handle four
and three five-eighths inch handle the
way I measure it yeah it is smooth g10
polished g10
that's what the other reviewers say I
think it looks like linen my peridot Oh
what do I know am i just repeating the
crap they say bokor plus there's the
model number 48 31 it is a boy I'm
having trouble telling I think it's a
flat grind now let's talk about the
blade shape I would call this a spear
point I get so confused between spear
points and drop points but let me let me
explain why I would call this a spear
point because it's symmetrical about a
horizontal axis this curve if you mirror
it equals that true this is a drop point
it's not symmetrical then it drops to
the tip I would call this if you're I'm
so confused on this have you guys gonna
illuminate me I would be grateful but
I'm calling this a spear point okay now
there's your pocket clip it's tipped
down but it can be tip up I'm gonna
change that can be tipped up but it's
right side only this is a very smooth
knife why because I think it's on the
order of a gentleman's folder a
light-duty EDC I think it's rugged
enough to go medium duty but when a
knife looks this darn good people tend
to treat it gingerly now want to show
you these spacer bars it's got a red
racing stripe type liner you see that
and a blue g10 spacer bar it's really a
nice touch
it's just that little little bit of
accident now the knurling where you open
with your thumb becomes thumb knurling
on the top it's pretty good it's not a
deep cut but it's sharp this fits pretty
sure so I'm calling this a gentleman's
folder a gentleman's EDC light-duty
although I think I can it can stand
moderate duty let's look at the lockup
there's your lockup it's early that's
nice people like that now I only have
one other knife that I would put in this
gentlemanly category and that is my CRKT
swindle why because it too looks so damn
good it's thin the pocket clip is on the
edge it's just a more refined I'm not
saying it's any less rugged than a
beater knife any less well-built than a
beater night I'm just saying it has a
refined look about it that makes me want
to classify the swindle and the
Excalibur into a category of gentlemen's
folder okay
both applause see it you know there it
is sometimes my camera doesn't focus
back on the table after a macro all
right that's it quick unboxing first
impressions god bless you all
I love you and take good care out there
okay remember you're precious
alright bye